in these modern times
the average driver will spend over four
years of their life in a car
[Applause]
and 80 of them at some point will
experience
aggressive driving or more commonly
known as
road rage
rule number one if you find yourself in
this situation
you know what a courtesy tap is young
man sounds like this it's light
it's friendly sure that's what your mom
meant to do it's important
not to engage the other driver if you
apologize
i don't have anything to apologize for
rule number two remember your fellow
drivers may be going through personal
issues
affecting their mood or temperament my
invisible life
has been dismissed
retribution that's all i got left
yes troublesome people may be troubled
i'm pretty sure the guy in that truck's
following me he's road raging
he's just trying to scare you
hey
rule number three once an altercation
has escalated
this is where your first lesson begins
things can take a sudden
unhinged turn it's okay it's gonna be
okay
that's where we are in this world today
we seem to have developed inability to
apologize
to anyone for anything
but you can learn
just remember be safe out there
[Music]
you